A streamer gets a papercut on his finger while unboxing pokemon cards. We zoom into the cut - down to the paper cutting the cappilary, causing innocent blood cells to fall out of the body and out of sight.
We see our protagonist speaking to an unknown blood cell. They're both hanging facing each other. The unknown falls while saying "save yourself" (note - see dialogue) and falls out of the body. The protagonist falls too, but back into the now empty capillary. He's the only survivor. Confused and directionless, the protagonist decides to head towards the Heart for guidance and comfort (?)

The protag. fell into an empty capillary and is squeezing through the capillary to get to the heart. The capillaries are dark, dingy, and full of twists and turns. There's little lighting, and the bacteria introduced by the paper cut are chasing down the protagonist at every turn.

The final level could be several bacteria chasing down the protagonist before he makes it to the entrance of the veins - flanked on both sides by strong white blood cells who ward off the bacteria, allowing the protag a moment of respite.

In the veins, things are moving fast, and there are a lot of fellow red blood cells. There are still bacteria, but there are also more white blood cells to fight them off. While traveling towards the heart, the protag. encounters a few red blood cells who are lethargic/are unwilling to go with the flow of the heart. Pushing up further, we start to encounter the Culists, and even small settlements run by red blood cells. There are houses, stores, casinos, etc. created by red blood cells who decided to settle down instead of moving onward. Finally, the source of the stoppage is found - a group of cultists have created a stoppage in the vein, disillusioned by the notion that the Heart, and the flow of blood it produces, is a benevolent force. The protagonist speaks to platelets to construct a battering ram and breaks down the stoppage so all the blood cells can keep moving.


Finally, after the stoppage, the protagonist makes it to the heart. 
	This part is still very much in the air, could use work.
		The vena cava is the vein that leads into the right atrium of the heart. A valve in the atrium opens to move blood from the atrium to the right ventricle
		When the right ventricle is full, the valve closes, and the pulmonary valve opens allowing blood to go to the lungs. In the lungs, the blood cells get oxygen. (Garden of Alveoli?)
	
	Ideas: Beaurocracy, waiting, holy motions, mecca, pilgrimmage, ending in lush field of alveoli full of oxygen

Once the protagonist is oxygen rich again (brighter red?), they head back to the scene of the papercut (at the request of the Heart) to help with the fixing effort.
By retracing their steps (?) or just flowing back to the Capillaries(?) the protag. is able to go back to the scene of the incident to deliver oxygen to platelets who are working tirelessly to repair the damage to the area (the wound looks distinctly smaller/more healed)
